Add osu!mania pp committee members (#7228)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Performance_Points_Committee/en.md

The **Performance Points Committee** is a panel of well-versed players and developers who facilitate and approve updates to the [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points) and [star rating](/wiki/Beatmapping/Star_rating) algorithms. Their goal is to help [osu! developers](/wiki/People/The_Team/Developers) push changes faster and with more community coordination.

The osu! panel was first announced to the public through the [November 2021 *Performance Points & Star Rating Updates* news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-11-09-performance-points-star-rating-updates) in response to a [community survey](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-08-17-pp-sr-survey) held earlier that year.

## Members

### osu!

- ![][flag_GB] [Apo11o](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9558549)
- ![][flag_HU] [emu1337](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2185987)
- ![][flag_AU] [MBmasher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4498616)
- ![][flag_RU] [StanR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7217455)

### osu!mania

- ![][flag_US] [abraker](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4635891)

> - ![][flag_ES] [Evening](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2193881)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ![][flag_SG] [Evening](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2193881)
```
I think you meant `SG`

The **Performance Points Committee** is a panel of well-versed players and developers who facilitate and approve updates to the [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points) and [star rating](/wiki/Beatmapping/Star_rating) algorithms. Their goal is to help [osu! developers](/wiki/People/The_Team/Developers) push changes faster and with more community coordination.

The osu! panel was first announced to the public through the [November 2021 *Performance Points & Star Rating Updates* news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-11-09-performance-points-star-rating-updates) in response to a [community survey](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-08-17-pp-sr-survey) held earlier that year.

> osu!mania's panel was formed on the 22nd April 2022 in anticipation of a surge in active development effort, starting with [a change that fixed critical issues in osu!mania's strain skill](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/17913).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
osu!mania's panel was formed 22 April 2022 in anticipation of a surge in active development effort, starting with [a change in difficulty calculation for hold note releases in osu!mania](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/17913).
```
